There’s a saying that truth is stranger
than fiction, and this has never been more
true than news headlines starring the Florida
Man.
Weird events happen all over the world, but
for some reason, a whole other level of strange
seems to be concentrated in the state of Florida.
Taken out of context, stories about Florida
Man sound like the world’s worst superhero,
but it’s really just a bunch of guys doing
a lot of stupid things.
10.
Florida Man Prints Counterfeit Money at His
Local Library
Creating realistic counterfeit money is actually
a very intricate process.
US dollar bills are made out of strips of
woven fabric, and they contain fine microscopic
details and holographic chips for added security.
Even though it should be obvious that it’s
nearly impossible to make fake money, that
didn’t stop Florida Man from trying.
Earlier this month, a 29-year-old man named
Levy Newberry found a template for counterfeit
money on Pinterest.
He went to his public library in Pasco County,
Florida to use their printer to make hundred-dollar
bills on regular printer paper.
He posted his misdeed on Facebook, using his
real account, and he actually found another
brilliant Florida resident who was willing
to pay $250 in real cash in exchange for $500
in fake money.
Newberry then used the flimsy paper fakes
to pay his rent.
His landlord could clearly see that this money
was counterfeit, so they called the police,
and he was taken into custody.
9.
Florida Man Called 911 After His Cat Was Denied
Entry Into Strip Club
In June 2012, a man named Everett Lages was
trying to spend a night in the Emerald City
Gentlemen’s Club in Murdock, Florida.
He must have pre-gamed a little bit too hard
beforehand, because he was already highly
intoxicated and and carrying a kitten.
The bouncers refused to let him inside with
an animal.
This made him so angry that he sat down outside
of the club and called 911 over and over again,
hoping that the police would ignore health
code violations and escort him inside.
When the police arrived, they calmly tried
to get him to go home.
To their credit, they knew this guy was just
too drunk to function, and offered to call
him a taxi.
He refused, and started making a scene.
He continued to call 911, even though the
cops were standing right there.
They had no choice but to arrest him for calling
911 for a non-emergency, disorderly intoxication,
and trespassing on a property after being
asked to leave.
Lages was held on a $4,000 bail, and his kitten
was given to the local animal shelter.
8.
Florida Man Arrested After Chasing Down Neighbor
With a Tractor
In most states, if two property owners have
a disagreement about where their property
line begins and ends, the issue can be solved
by contacting their local municipality.
But in Florida, apparently nothing is ever
that simple.
In July 2018, a man named Scott Lynch was
concerned when his 72-year-old neighbor, Howell
Morris, started to use his tractor on Lynch’s
property, destroying what he believed to be
his land.
He was also blocking Lynch’s driveway, so
Lynch walked over to ask him to move.
Instead of moving his tractor like a reasonable
person, Morris pushed the machine into gear
and started chasing after Lynch, who started
running for his life.
Lynch’s wife caught it all on her cell phone
camera and called 911.
Morris was later arrested for aggravated assault.
7.
Florida Man Recovers From a Nervous Breakdown
With Chuck E. Cheese Robots
As a boy, Jared Sanchez’s happiest memories
were going to Chuck E. Cheese with his family.
His favorite animatronic character was one
called “The King,” which was an Elvis
impersonator in the form of an anthropomorphic
lion.
One day, he came into the restaurant to see
that The King was gone.
For the next 20 years of his life, he wondered
if he would ever see his favorite character
again.
As an adult, he moved up the ranks of retail
from starting as a Walmart stocking clerk
to eventually landing a supervisory position
making well over $90,000 a year.
While his life seemed like a success, he began
to feel the stress of firing people on a regular
basis.
He admits that he couldn’t handle the job,
and ended up having a nervous breakdown.
He had to take time off from work to recover.
Sanchez found The King on eBay, and paid $10,000
to bring it into his Tampa home.
Since then, he has transformed the master
bedroom of his house into a studio for The
King and decorated the space to look like
the inside of a Chuck E. Cheese.
Sanchez says that by bringing The King back
to life, he hopes that maybe someday, the
character can be made into the star of a kids’
TV show.
For now, he uploads his own videos of the
robot on YouTube.
6.
Florida Man Doesn’t Remember Carrying a
Live Alligator Into a Store to Buy Beer
If you’re old enough to drink, you’ve
probably had at least one night where things
got a little out of hand.
But it’s likely that none of you can top
Floridian Bobby Stratton.
During a complete blackout, he found a live
alligator, picked it up, and carried it under
his arm into a convenience store.
While he was shopping, he bought an 18-pack
of beer.
Later, when he was confronted by the police,
he claims that he did not remember the events
of that night at all.
He was so blackout drunk that he had no idea
where they alligator came from.
He told the local news that maybe he would
go to jail, or maybe not.
He didn’t seem to care either way.
After all, once you’ve made a beer run with
an alligator it’s all downhill from there
anyway.
5.
Florida Man Tries To Rob A Store By Pointing
His Finger Like a Gun
It was 2:00 a.m. in February 2018 at a 7-11
convenience store in Bonita Beach, Florida.
An underpaid sales clerk was working the night
shift when Florida Man burst through the door
with a shirt covering his face, and his finger
pointed like a gun.
He demanded all of the money in the register.
The cashier simply said “No.”
This was enough for Florida Man to give up.
He didn’t take anything, and ran out of
the store to jump on his bicycle.
Let’s just hope he took the shirt off of
his face first, so he could see in the dark.
No one was hurt, but the local police still
offered a $1,000 reward for any information
that may lead to his arrest.
4.
Florida Man Steals 11 Zoo Animals And Hides
Them In His Home
Now, we know what you’re thinking.
How on Earth could someone steal 11 zoo animals
without being noticed?
Well… they were turtles.
Oh, and Florida Man took a squirrel monkey,
too, because… why not?
And no, the culprit wasn’t the zombie-faced
boy who said “I like turtles.”
This was a 20-year old Gainesville, Florida
resident named Sedrick T. Price.
He went to the Santa Fe College Teaching Zoo,
where students learn how to be zookeepers.
When the police raided his apartment, they
could only find 7 of the 11 missing animals,
so it’s possible that Price was selling
them to rare animal collectors at roughly
$100 apiece.
3.
Florida Man Donates His Loaded Grenade Launcher
to Goodwill
It’s not that uncommon for people to accidentally
donate valuable things to a thrift store,
especially when they are in the process of
moving.
But in Florida, one employee of the Bradenton
Goodwill discovered a fully loaded grenade
launcher.
Now, it’s usually someone’s job to at
Goodwill test if things still work in the
back room.
None of the employees apparently wanted to
deal with the drama, so they would just pass
it around to the next store location.
Eventually, one Goodwill manager interfered.
They had no way of knowing what genius of
a Florida Man actually donated the grenade
launcher, so they had to hand it over to the
Bradenton police department.
It now sits in their armory.
2.
Florida Man Steals 850 Pairs of Underwear
From Victoria’s Secret
Daniel Espinosa likes panties, and sneaking
just one or two pairs off the store shelf
wasn’t enough.
He stole a total of $15,475 worth of underwear
from Victoria’s Secret before getting caught.
He was seen by the security cameras, of course,
after making three separate trips.
He didn’t work alone, however, as an unnamed
juvenile codefendant was reportedly also involved.
The codefendant, apparently, stole more than
$76,000 worth of property (it’s unclear
if it came solely from Victoria’s Secret,
or if he branched out to other forms of theft).
At the end of the hearing, the judge said,
“Please… don’t come back to Victoria’s
Secret.”
1.
Florida Man Steals a Chainsaw By Stuffing
It Down His Pants
When you imagine stealing something from a
store, it would only make sense to slip something
into your pocket that could go undetected.
But, come on… a Florida Man doesn’t do
things half-assed.
In November 2014, a 27-year-old named Anthony
Ballard stole a chainsaw by shoving it down
his pants, and using his t-shirt to cover
it up.
You probably just winced at the notion of
a freaking chainsaw being shoved down your
pants, especially if you’re male.
This was all caught on camera, and one of
the employees could clearly see the bulging
chainsaw through his clothes.
An employee chased him, and the bulky saw
was too much for Ballard to carry and run
at the same time, so he dropped it.
They called the police, who were able to catch
Ballard and charge him with
grand theft.